The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
Singer/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
Yet the act is still charming here .
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
Dramas like this make it human .
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
Australian actor/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
Post 9/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
Absorbing character study by André Turpin .
If you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
You 'll probably love it .
`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
The actors are fantastic .
They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
( Taymor ) utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
This is n't a new idea .
It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
( `` Take Care of My Cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
... spiced with humor ( ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
